
## Data Management

### Items
An item is piece of information retrieved from various source,
and showed up in lists for further reading. It comprise of following
parts:

- Title
- Source
- Content
- Labels
- Comments

It is the core entity in the system. A user can manipulate items in
following ways:

- Removal
	When user feels unpleasant or tired of specific item, he/she
	may remove this item using button provided. Removal operation
	can be reversed whinin a short period of time to prevent from
	mis-clicking the button.
- Archive
	User can store specific item for further reading or recap in the
	future. Archived items still show up in item flow, and will
	be labeled as 'archived'.
- Share
	If an item fascinates a user, he may share it among popular SNS.
	When first sharing an item, user will authenticate its account
	on desired SNS website, and after confirmation, a sharing information
	will be posted on choosed SNS.
- Like
	User can show his/her opinion on specific item, and others will know
	the statistics, and could be used as an score to evaluate an item.
	High score items are more likely to rank higher than low score items.
- Comment
	User can post comments under an item. Posts will be stored in this
	system, and can optionally be posted synchronously on item source,
	if the source website supports such function.

	Comments is organized hierarchically. If a user is intend
	to reply another one's comment, he/she can click the reply button,
	and the reply form will show just below the comment.

	When complete typing, click the reply button and the comments will
	be posted, and the form will disappear as you finish commenting.


Further more, system can learn from user behavious on items and to
recommend items related to users interest.

### Labels

A label is an attribute describing items. An item can have multiple label.
A label associated with an item may be automatically assigned by system,
and tagged by user. A label can be either a system-wide label, which is
visible to all user, or a user specified label which indicates user
preference on an item.

Label may come from:

- System Pre-tagging
	An item may arrive to a user with pre-tagged labels. These pre-tagged
	labels are vital to subsequent data processing, such as tag-filtering
	plugin in tab.

- User-tagging
	Same item could have distinct meaning to different user. User can
	tag item with labels cater to their taste, as well as remove labels
	that could lead to misunderstanding to itself.

As decribed aforementioned, functions like 'archive' is actually
tag a item which label 'archived'

### Plugins

Plugin is a essential concept in the system, which comprises the
implementations of varied functionalities in the system.
A plugin should process a bunch of items, returning processed items.
The number of items before and after need not to be the same, that is,
a plugin can either shrink items or enrich items (filtering job) or
process on contents of items.

User can choose a subset of provided plugins to employ on its items.
Plugin can be either scoped to a 'tab' or can be applied system-wide.

Plugins can be configurable, but configuration is plugin-dependent.

Examples of plugins:

- Tag-filtering
- Highlight
- Emotion tagging
- Face detection in image
- Related items
- etc.

### Tabs

Tab is a collection of filtered items, in which the filter is defined
by plugins. A typical use of tab is to divide items into different
categories, which may be exclusive or not.

Tabs can be added or removed on-the-fly with 'add' or 'remove' button,
add define its behaviour with plugins.

Moreover, tab layout, item flow style, etc., are also configurable via tab
configuration.

