# Documentation Requirements

## License

### Registration License

In order to provide better service to our users,
users shall claim to agree our registration license when applying for an account.
The registration license shall cover the following parts:

1. Rules on using our service, including the constrains on using, transfering the account,
the limited use of the information we provided.

2. The privacy on the personal information provided by users in registration.

3. User shall understand and accept the service provided by Uknow before registration,
and take full responsibilities for any kind of abuse of our service.

### Disclaimers

In order to avoid unnecessary conflicts with our users,
users must sign our disclaimers before using the information collector of Uknow InfoHub.
The disclaimer shall cover the following contents:

1. Uknow is not responsible for, and expressly disclaims all liability for,
damages of any kind arising out of use, reference to,
or reliance on any information provided by Uknow.

2. While the information provided by Ukonw is periodically updated,
no guarantee is given that the information is correct, complete, and up-to-date.

3. Though Uknow might provide links or direct data from other Internet Resources,
Uknow is not responsible for any kind of damages arising out of visit to those sites.

4. Uknow doesn't own and shall not preserve copyright for any information provided in our service,
but will show the user the origin of those information.
Any kind of offence to the copyright of the original author of the information provided by us
is seen as a direct offence to the author.

5. Though Uknow might contain advertisements or other types of endorsement for products or services
from third-party companies, Uknow has not investigated and does not assure
the fidelity of the claims by any advertiser.
Product information is based solely on material received from suppliers.

### Notice to Right Holders

Uknow InfoHub developer group understand and respect the right of any individual or entity.
Thus, a notice to right holders must be provided on our website for right holders to read and
get instructions on enforcement of their corresponding rights related to the behavior or the
services provided by Uknow InfoHub developer group. The notice shall cover the following parts:

1. Copyright. While Uknow InfoHub provides simple information aggregation for our terminal users,
Uknow respects and does not offend the copyright of the original author of the information presented
by us.

2. Privacy. Uknow might fetch and parse information from various sources,
but with the authority of our service users. Uknow will not initiatively
collect private data of any individual or entity.

3. Use of our service. All users of our services are immediately granted the right of
using our service according to the user agreement right after registration.


## Help Manual

### Basic Use of Our Service
For the purpose of getting users quickly involved in our product,
an instruction manual on the basic use of our service is necessary.
This instruction manual shall contain the following parts:

1. The functionality of our service, and the instructions of using them on our clients.

2. Examples on the use of our key functionality, including tab-like information classification,
   auto-tagging, etc.

3. Precautions and attentions that our users should be aware of.

### API Documentation

Since Uknow InfoHub provides an extensible and flexible structure, allowing developers to
create their own plugins to extend the functionalities of Uknow, an open API documentation is
needed for potential developers to read and develop their plugins for our platform accordingly.
Meanwhile, as the scale of this project grows,
there will be inevitable difficulty in its maintainance and update.
Therefore, an detailed API documentation of internal classes and interfaces is also necessary
for the everlasting development of this project.

The API documentation of Uknow should be presented in good-looking style, in cross-platform
formats(HTML, pdf, etc.), and be easy to refer to. The names of classes and terms in the documentation
should be well referenced to its definition, providing readers with better readability.
