# Functional Requirement

## User Management

An user's permitted behaviors on his/her account are included in but not limited to the following:

- Register an account
- Login
- Edit his/her personal profile
- Change his/her password
- Delete his/her account, along with all the data the user has provided to Uknow.

# Non-functional Requirement

## User Management

### Register Page

The register page contains an input form, users can only successfully register an account if:

- The username is unique in our database, and contains only letters and digits.
- The password is no less than 6 characters, and does not contains digits only.
- User repeat the password again correctly.
- User provided a valid email address.

After a valid register form is submitted, the server side would again check the input values.
If the form passes, a validation email would automaticlly be sent to the user with a confirm code.
Otherwise, the client will redirect the user to the original register page again,
and alert about this error message.

### Confirm Page

A link to the confirm page should be attached in the email sent to the user.
An user account will be activated only if:

- The email address was registered before but has not been activated yet.
- User visits the confirm page within the time constraints.
- A correct confirm code (dependent on this account only) is provided by the user.

Once an account is activated, user can then edit profile, change password,
and use all the other services provided by Uknow.

### Login Page

A visitor will be redirected to login page everytime he/she tries to visit a restricted resource.
In the login page, the user is asked to provide username together with password.
A session is stored in cookie after a successful login,
otherwise, a "password error" message will be displayed.

### Profile Page

User can view and edit the following items:

- Avatar, this could be uploaded by user or selected from Gravatar.com
- Nickname, which is displayed in the front page of the site.
- Sex, you know what I mean.
- Age, those under 16 is supposed to be warned before accessing items with specific labels.
- Email address, another validation email will be sent if this item is changed

On the other hand, users should be able to provide access to some social networking sites
for us to collect information including but not limited to:

- Weibo, a twitter-like site in mainland China.
- Renren, a facebook-like site which is very popular among Chinese students
- QQ, a MSN-like IM tool running by Tencent
- Tsinghua Netclass, specially provided for Tsinghua student

Finally, if user wishes to delete his/her account, a confirm email will also be sent.

### Change Password

The password of an account could be changed only if:

- The correct old password is provided
- A new valid password.
- The new valid password is typed twice and matched well.
- The link to a confirm page which was emailed to the user was clicked within 24h.

